The Restful API 1.(1):  1.GET   2.POST   3.PUT   4.PATCH    5.DELETE

1.(2)- 1. Communication 2. Teamwork 3. Customer Focus 4.Leadership/Influence 5.Critical Thinking/ Problem Solving

1.(3) 1. Integrity 2. Work Ethic 3. Vision 4. Ambition 5/ Common Sense

Starting off class with lab 2 
Build Your VPC and lanch a web server
Fred Cibelli is very importatnt to job seekers 
as one of the big 4 firm leders president of earnst and young 
Our focus in class is to build attitudes and skills that commensurate
 with earining 10k a month to avoid financial discomfort

the non negotionables are integrity and work ethic 

jhon maxwell leadership is influence nothing more nothing less
leadership isnt about having a title or position its the ability to inspire 
others to action
Et718.com is a great source o guide students on their future endavors 
because there are high skills that are within 
prof opinion-
what has changed for im in the last 3 months he came to the conclusion that humans should never write production code 
and humans should never write ai prompts (prompt engineering)
The Map approach is revolutionary
The Way to go about it would be to have a conversation to make the obective clear to ai 
then ask ai to give you a clear summary of what you had talked about  constructed in  a proper way 
then continue to ask for a prompt via the constructed outline given 
set ground rules so that you can have a base to work on and not break the code
Parameter storement secret manager
enviroment variables are hardqare dependent security risk no version control and 
inconsistent
it is important to set guard rails for ai for those reasons
make party rock take the contents of this class to generate a 10 question quiz from the transcript 
meta skill  development 
secrets manager prevents ai from loosing the thought/ previous coversatations.

THings You will be working with 

People  1. Forming a Team, 2. Storming / Issues  3. Norming / normalize 4. Performing
Process 1. Initiating  2.Planning  3. Executing   4.Monitoring  5.Closing
Technology 1. Adoption  2. Integration  3. Automation  4.Optimization  5.Innovation